. Write a Java program to concatenate Two strings

 

2. Write a Java program to get the character at the given index within the String


4. Write a Java program to count a number of Unicode code points in the specified text range of a String

 

5. Write a Java program to compare two strings lexicographically Two strings are lexicographically equal if they are the same length and contain the same characters in the same positions

 

6. Write a Java program to compare two strings lexicographically , ignoring case differences

 

7. Write a Java program to concatenate a given string to the end of another string

 

8. Write a Java program to test if a given string contains the specified sequence of char values


11. Write a Java program to check whether a given string ends with the contents of another string

 

12. Write a Java program to check whether two String objects contain the same data

 

13. Write a Java program to get the contents of a given string as a byte array

 

14. Write a Java program to get the canonical representation of the string object

 

15. Write a Java program to create a character array containing the contents of a string

 

16. Write a Java program to convert all the characters in a string to Lowercase

 

17. Write a Java program to convert all the characters in a string to Uppercas

 

18. Write a java program to get the length of a given string

 

19. Write a Java program to replace a specified character with another character

 

20. Write a Java program to replace each substring of a given string that matches the given regular expression with the given replacement

 

21. Write a Java program to check whether a given string starts with the contents of another string

 

22. Write a Java program to get a substring of a given string between two specified positions

 

23. Write a Java program to trim any leading or trailing whitespace from a given string

 

24. Write a Java program to create a new string repeating every character twice of a given string

 

25. Write a Java program to return the sum of the digits present in the given string. If there is no digits the sum return is 0

 

26. Write a Java program to Count words in Given String

 

27. Write a Java program to Swap Two Strings

 

28. Write a Java program to Swap Two Strings without Third String Variable

 

29. Write a Java program to Reverse Each Word of a String

 

30. Write a Java program How to search a word inside a string?

 

31. Write a Java program to find first non repeating character in a string

 

32. Write a Java program to print after removing duplicates from a given string

 

33. Write a Java program to find the maximum occurring character in a string

 

34. Write a Java program to reverse words in a given string

 

35. Write a Java program to find maximum between two string

 

36. Write a Java program How to check Palindrome Strin

 

37. Write a Java program to check if the letter 'x' is present in the word 'String Exercises'

 

38. Write a Java program to Given string Convert Lowercase to Uppercase

 

39. Write a Java program to Given string Convert Uppercase to Lowercase

 

40. Write a Java program to Count Number of Uppercase and Lowercase letters

 

41. Write a program to Trim a given string using String.trim() method

 

42. Write a program to Replace string with another string in java using String.replace() method

 

43. Write a program to Convert any type of value to string value using String.valueOf() method

45. Write a program to Compare the strings using equals(), compareTo() and == operator

 

46. Write a program to First alphabet capital of each word in given string

 

47. Write a program to Convert a character array to string

 

48. Write a program to String concatenation with primitive data type values

 

49. Write a program to Check given strings are Anagram or not

 

50. Write a program to separate all tokens (words) using StringTokenizer
